ZEETY MD -- Un marco de desarrollo de aplicaciones GLA(M+)P.
Copyright (C) 2009-2012 Paulo C. Coronado
Universidad Distrital Francsico José de Caldas

Presentación
--------
ZEETY MD es un marco de desarrollo de aplicaciones orientadas
a la web en servidores Apache (recomendado sobre sistemas
operativos GNU/Linux), teniendo como base de la capa de 
persistencia el gestor de bases de datos MySQL o cualquier
otro motor libre como postgreSQL, MariaDB, Firebird (Por
cuestiones de compatibilidad Zeety MD también incluye 
soporte para ORACLE y a otros motores no libres via ODBC)

Zeety MD es un estilo arquitectónico modular con elementos
y herramientas predefinidas que aceleran el desarrollo de
aplicaciones. 

Su principal aplicación es en el proyecto ZEETY (Sistema de
Inteligencia Territorial UD), pero su grado de estabilidad
ha permitido que se utilice en otros proyectos.

ZEETY MD se licencia como software libre. Usted lo puede
redistribuir o modificar bajo los términos de la Licencia
Pública General GNU versión 3.0, tal como es publicada por
la Free Software Foundation.

Zeety MD se distribuye con la esperanza de que se útil pero
SIN NINGUNA GARANTÍA, aún sin la garantía implícita de
MERCANTIBILIDAD o IDONEIDAD PARA UN PROPÓSITO PARTICULAR.
Ver el archivo LICENCIA para más detalles.

Disponibilidad
------------

La última versión estable de Zeety MD está disponible en el
repositorio público de assembla:
The latest released version of Octave is always available via
anonymous ftp from ftp.gnu.org and its many mirror sites around the
world.  You may also find links to binary distributions at
http://www.octave.org/download.html.  The current development sources
may be found on Savannah (http://savannah.gnu.org/projects/octave)
under the Source Code tab.

Installation
------------

Octave requires approximately 1.4 GB of disk storage to unpack and
compile from source (significantly less, 400 MB, if you don't compile
with debugging symbols).  Once installed, Octave requires
approximately 350MB of disk space (again, considerably less, 70 MB,
if you don't build shared libraries or the binaries and libraries do
not include debugging symbols).

To compile Octave, you will need a recent version of GNU Make.  You
will also need a recent version of g++ or another ANSI C++ compiler.
You will also need a Fortran 77 compiler or f2c.  If you use f2c, you
will need a script like fort77 that works like a normal Fortran
compiler by combining f2c with your C compiler in a single script.

YOU MUST HAVE GNU MAKE TO COMPILE OCTAVE.  Octave's Makefiles use
features of GNU Make that are not present in other versions of make.
GNU Make is very portable and easy to install.

See the notes in the files INSTALL and the system-specific README files
in the etc directory of the Octave source distribution for more specific
installation instructions.

Bugs and Patches
----------------

The file BUGS explains the recommended procedure for reporting bugs
or contributing patches.

Documentation
-------------

Octave's manual has been revised for version 3.4, but it is lagging a
bit behind the development of the software.  In particular, there is
currently no complete documentation of the C++ class libraries.  If
you notice omissions or inconsistencies, please report them on the
bug tracker at http://savannah.gnu.org/bugs/?group=octave.  Specific
suggestions for ways to improve Octave and its documentation are
always welcome.  Reports with patches are even more welcome.

Additional Information
----------------------

Up to date information about Octave is available on the WWW at the
URL http://www.octave.org, including archives of the help, bug, and
maintainers mailing lists.


Last updated: Fri, 10 Jun 2011 14:02:32 EDT
